doc: Adds warning about using output variables and moved together (#3153)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/migrate_cluster_to_advanced_cluster/basic/README.md

## Manual updates to the Terraform configuration

1. Ensure all references are updated (see example of updates in [outputs.tf](outputs.tf))

>    1. Ensure you are not adding any output variables that use the new `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource. Referencing the new resource before moving can lead to unexpected plan output (extra `Note: Objects have changed outside of Terraform` section) when performing the move (see more in the [Github Issue](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework/issues/1109)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Ensure you are not adding any output variables that use the new `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource. Referencing the new resource before moving can lead to a more verbose plan output (extra `Note: Objects have changed outside of Terraform` section) when performing the move (see more in the [Github Issue](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework/issues/1109)).
```

Reviewer: since there isn't really a negative impact to the infra, it's better to be specific on what's the real consequence

Author: Thank you. Changed in f35af55939279d16483871032b66b911d24d0681
